says someone can lose five six seasons
of high-stakes poker and still be a good
player he's not talking about anybody we
know it's just a theoretical proposition
it could happen
a good player could lose on every season
of ice takes both it's unlikely but it
is possible there's a suited connectors
Mike Matusow was waiting for so he could
throw them away good the hands were
Shaun doles race to 4300 with King Jack
offsuit we got other guys with suited
connectors they're gonna take a shot
and here comes Phil Ivey with a suited
connector my trips to eat in 80% of time
online see boys when doorways and you
have to lay these hands out especially
when you flop a flush on the previous
hand okay you mustn't learn hey guys Eli
you must have lived on the last
high-stakes episode when you stack off
that hunt of all look nice
there's another big board oh my god door
Sam you hear that not a big boy Davis
got a flush draw Phil Ivey actually has
the best hand with a pair of deuces I'm
worried about you yet though hey so I
got put al key in first position with an
inside straight draw and go you were the
limp on that's what that's why you died
scared of I'm just trying to isolate a
we live I can see that Oh okey come
flying in for the photo last year I'm
the word that was about to just him got
everybody out his David who's gonna call
with his flush draw
LT now has the best hand with a pair of
fours what do you need both some foods
check check
Wow David makes his flush and LG makes
fours full and he checks balls he
checked there he's figuring that David's
made something pretty hard for David to
miss when that for our clubs head on the
river
I'm left to break Sally's building maybe
Davis made a flush well maybe he was
slow playing a3
he's got David about 16,000 and here
comes a raise hello David's taking the
Rays in stride but he's surprised
problem for David here is he knows elke
is a good enough player that he could
check raise and try to represent that at
a hand like four or five and that he's
made for us full while he might have say
a pair of sevens or pair 8 and David's
flush would be the best hand and David
calls I think in all our seasons of
high-stakes poker that's the first major
misstep David Benjamin is made looking
like me just trying to get to suited
connected card to get in their way
so hard to find sure they're able to go
ahead too